In October 1959, a man recorded as John Allen Kuchar Zegrus, 36, entered Japan with his Korean wife. Three months later, he was arrested by the Marunouchi police [ja], suspected of identity fraud. He tried to cash a 200,000-yen cheque and a 140-dollar (around 50,400 yen at the time) traveller's cheque at the Japanese office of Chase Manhattan Bank, and 100,000 yen[clarification needed] at the Japanese office of Bank of Korea.

The case was investigated by Atsuyuki Sassa [ja] of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department Public Security Bureau (TMPD Public Security Bureau), who would later write about Zegrus in his memoirs. Although his passport contained the stamps of Japanese embassies in different East Asian countries, the passport was determined to be counterfeit. Moreover, a visa was issued by the Japanese embassy in Taipei (now reorganized as the Japan–Taiwan Exchange Association).[1]

According to the records, Zegrus said he was "born in the US, moved to the UK through Czechoslovakia and Germany, and attended High School there. During World War II he was a pilot of the Royal Air Force, and was once captured by the Germans. After the war, he lived in Latin America. Later he became a spy for the Americans in South Korea, served as a pilot in Thailand and Vietnam, and after that he was assigned by the United Arab Republic. He arrived to Japan for a secret mission, which included recruiting Japanese military volunteers for the United Arab Republic." Eventually, after contacting the mentioned countries, it was ruled that the information was not based on any facts, and the seals in his pseudo-passport were proven to be fabricated.[1]

On 10 August 1960, Tokyo District Court reviewed the case and sentenced Zegrus to one year in prison. After the announcement, he tried to commit suicide by cutting his veins with a piece of a glass secretly brought by him to the court.[2][3]

After his release, Zegrus was deported from Japan to Hong Kong, from where he was recorded to enter the region.[citation needed] His wife was deported to South Korea.

a story featured on various Japanese websites dedicated to urban legends and occult stories says that a "man from another dimension" arrived at Haneda airport in 1954. He possessed a Taured passport, and when asked about his country, he pointed at Andorra, but was confused as he never heard of Andorra. He was placed in a hotel with two guards for investigation, but disappeared from there the following morning.[6]

asjgpj1201jtgasdgadsgag
